what's up guys is Jeff what I download
blog we're going to test out verizon's
LTE 4g hotspot for the ipad the new ipad
as you can see I've named my hotspot
awesome RF named my device awesome so
the hotspot or the Wi-Fi connection will
show up as awesome so just keep that in
mind so you've never done this before
now you also want to go to your cellular
data tab if you have an LTE verte
enabled version of the ipad make sure
enable LTE is well enabled and then once
you do that go to the personal hotspot
tap and then make sure your personal
hotspot is owned and verify your Wi-Fi
password just type something in there
that you can recognize so it looks like
we're all set up to test out verizon's
extremely high-speed LTE sir as you can
see the LTE icon or the LTE logo up in
the upper left hand corner of the status
bar but first of all let's compare it to
my normal broadband connection at home
just using a 30 megabit connection right
now at home using my cable broadband and
it's pretty much spot on I mean you get
about 30 megabits down every single time
you run this test so as you can see
decent connection I mean it's nothing
super exciting but it's a decent solid
connection now the upload speed leaves
something to be desired on the other
hand you can check the upload speed it's
really really not that great compared to
the download speed it's about a tenth of
what you get on download so upload
definitely could use some improvement in
that department here so you get about
twenty nine point sixty one down and
three point 16 up not too bad but not
great now let's connect to our awesome
connection as you can see right there
that is the ipad with the hotspot enable
now you need to type in the password so
i'll just type in ducky benjamin i think
that was my password as click show
password just to make sure I have it
right there i did i do have it right so
click join and then you should see
connecting you should see the Wi-Fi
search out an IP address and there it is
connected as you can see no ethernet is
still taking precedence so what i need
to do is just go ahead and remove
ethernet just like that and now we can
actually start testing this out with the
4g LTE hotspot of the
iPad the new iPad so let's head back
over to speedtest net I ping is really
low as you can see 65 milliseconds and
the download speed it's about a third of
my mobile or my home broadband
connection but that's still really good
for a mobile connection and this is
solid I mean this is only lower end of
the scale i've been getting way faster
than that actually now the uploads beat
is super impressive as you'll see here
look at that almost 10 megabits down or
up as you can see so that smashes my
home broadband service where i was
getting like 3 megabits up so as you can
see the LTE hotspot contain on the
verizon flavor of the ipad the new ipad
is nothing to scoff at you're going to
get some insanely good upload speed
you're going to get some decent download
speeds to go with it it's just rock
solid right now now I know a lot of
people probably still haven't signed up
for verizon's LTE but if this is even in
the ballpark of what we can expect
consistently then I'll be more than
happy now for you AT&T third-generation
ipad owners what do you have you been
experiencing on your ipad i have not
been able to test LTE out on AT&T
because it's not in my area yet and
really AT&T is lag behind verizon as far
as to roll out you're going to find LTE
in many more places with verizon than
you will AT&T at the current moment and
like i said as you saw the verizon
connection is rock-solid so let me know
what you guys think in the comments
section do you like the LTE flavored
ipad this is jeff with iDownloadBlog